Update bookingbusiness-update.md (#9593)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: api-reference/v1.0/api/bookingbusiness-update.md

Update the properties of a [bookingBusiness](../resources/bookingbusiness.md) object.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Using PATCH to set email or displayName is not supported. Use the Exchange Online PowerShell Set-Mailbox method to update the email or displayName for a Booking Business.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using the PATCH method to set the email or display name isn't supported. To update these properties for a booking business, use the `Set-Mailbox cmdlet` in Exchange Online PowerShell.
```
